Add proxy configuration Java profiling (#7086)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/proxy.md

---
title: Proxy configuration with Profiling
kind: Documentation
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/introducing-datadog-profiling/'
      tags: 'Blog'
      text: 'Introducing always-on production profiling in Datadog.'
---

> Profiles collected by the Datadog libraries are sent directly from your running application to Datadog. If your network configuration is restricted for outbound traffic use your proxy to redirect the profiles to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiles collected by the Datadog profilers are sent directly from your application to Datadog. If you need to use a proxy for outbound traffic, you'll need the following configuration.
```

> If setup, your proxy should point to the following Datadog profiles endpoints:
> 
> - If you are on Datadog US site. `https://intake.profile.datadoghq.com`
> - If you are on Datadog EU site. `https://intake.profile.datadoghq.eu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Summary of offline convo- it's not clear people need these hostnames.

Reviewer 2: +1

> ## Profiling libraries Proxy Setup
> 
> Use the options below to configure your profiling libraries to send the collected profile to your proxy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Java" %}}

Reviewer: @jd @gbbr do the python and go profilers' underlying http libs have standard proxy config mechanisms?

Reviewer 3: Yes it should be easy to set up a proxy in Go. I'd bet it's the same for Python.

Reviewer 4: Does it mean that the env variables are the same for those two languages ?

Reviewer 3: I’m not sure if the question was whether the Go profiler can be configured to use a proxy or if Go supports proxy setups easily in the standard library. I was answering the latter, for the former the answer is no.

Reviewer 4: I not sure to fully follow as my tech depth on go lang is limited.. 
We will have to include an exemple of setup when the go profiler is GA though.

Reviewer 3: Sorry Gus if this was confusing. I meant to say: we don't have support for this in the profiler today, but we can add it later on if needed.

Reviewer 4: ha gotcha :) thanks for the precision

Reviewer 5: We don't have any API nor settings in the profiler to use an HTTP proxy.

To my surprise, Python builtin HTTP client does not honor the standard `HTTP_PROXY` environment variable. That's something we could enhance.

Reviewer: From what I can tell with a quick google, go does respect HTTP_PROXY. @gbbr do you want to verify and then we can document that here? Non-blocking.

| Arguments                       | Environment variable     | Description                                     |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------- |

> | `-Ddd.profiling.proxy.host`     | PROFILING_PROXY_HOST     | URL for your proxy (`my-proxy.example.com`)     |

Reviewer: Should this be DD_PROFILING_PROXY_HOST etc?

"URL for your proxy" -> "Host for your proxy"

Reviewer 2: +1

> | `-Ddd.profiling.proxy.port`     | PROFILING_PROXY_PORT     | Port used by your proxy. Default port is `8080` |

Reviewer: Nit- inconsistent use of periods in this table.

| `-Ddd.profiling.proxy.username` | PROFILING_PROXY_USERNAME | Username used by your proxy                     |

> | `-Ddd.profiling.proxy.password` | PROFILING_PROXY_PASSWORD | Password used by your proxy                     |

Reviewer: Is there a way to avoid the poor wrapping?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16651846/78592339-f8f87b80-7812-11ea-87db-a0729bba97d7.png)

Reviewer 4: no

---
title: Proxy configuration with Profiling
kind: Documentation
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/introducing-datadog-profiling/'
      tags: 'Blog'
      text: 'Introducing always-on production profiling in Datadog.'
---

> Profiles collected by the Datadog librairies are sent directly from your running application to Datadog. If your network configuration is restricted for outbound traffic use your proxy to redirect the profiles to Datadog.

Reviewer 6: Profiles collected by the Datadog librairies -> Profiles collected by Datadog librairies

If setup, your proxy should point to the following Datadog profiles endpoints:

- If you are on Datadog US site. `https://intake.profile.datadoghq.com`
- If you are on Datadog EU site. `https://intake.profile.datadoghq.eu`

## Profiling Librairies Proxy Setup

> Below are the configuration options to allow your application to send profiles to your proxy:

Reviewer 6: Below are configuration options
